[dbt] Improve Materialization View docs (#5534)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/etl-tools/dbt/materialization-materialized-view.md

1. Update the `materialization_target_table()` call
2. Run `dbt run --full-refresh -s your_mv_model`

### Troubleshooting common issues {#explicit-target-troubleshooting}

#### Target table is empty while/after `run` is executed {#target-table-empty}
There are a few reasons why this can happen:

> - The MVs may be configured with `catchup=False` or the target table may be configured with `repopulate_from_mvs_on_full_refresh=False`, so no backfill is executed when the MVs are created or when the target table is recreated. This is expected behavior, so if you want to reinsert the data using the MVs SQL, make sure to set `catchup=True` in the MVs (this is the default value) or `repopulate_from_mvs_on_full_refresh=True` in the target table. Make sure you are not activating both at the same time to avoid duplicates. Check the [configuration section](#explicit-target-configuration) for more details.

Reviewer: Do you see any situation where both are needed to be set? If not, should we check for that in the adapter somehow and raise a warning/exception?

#### Data loss during active ingestion after a `dbt run --full-refresh` is executed {#data-loss-active-ingestion}
Some rows from the source table are missing in the target table after a `dbt run --full-refresh` is executed.
ClickHouse materialized views act as insert triggers — they only capture data while they exist. During a full refresh, there is a brief window where the MV is dropped and recreated (the "blind window"). Any rows inserted into the source table during this window are not captured. Check the [Behavior during active ingestion](#behavior-during-active-ingestion) section for more details.

### Debugging techniques {#debugging-techniques}

#### Check the current target of an MV in ClickHouse {#check-mv-target}

Query `system.tables` to see where an MV is writing:

```sql
SELECT
    name as mv_name,
    replaceRegexpOne(
        create_table_query,
        '.*TO\\s+`?([^`\\s(]+)`?\\.`?([^`\\s(]+)`?.*',
        '\\1.\\2'
    ) AS target_table
FROM system.tables
WHERE database = 'your_schema'
  AND engine = 'MaterializedView'
```

> #### Check if dbt recognizes a table as an MV target {#check-dbt-recognition}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Check if dbt recognizes a table as a materialized view target {#check-dbt-recognition}
```
